

Welcome to the Inflo Project Kicking off a new era of responsible, reliable content sharing.

About
The Inflo Project is an initiative to revise the way information is accessed and shared on the web, through a new social platform meant to empower people to be in control of the content they see, and to reinstate the integrity of published information by rewarding quality over virality, all based on the values of trust, transparency, and community.


Introducing the "Unfeed"

For the first time in history, we will be making it possible to filter a social media feed according to one's individual interests. Through our automatic content classification system, we'll allow users to curate their own intake of information from within their network. No longer do you have to scroll through a endless wall of posts before you find relevant content. Because we believe that a content sharing platform should be meant to nourish, not feed.




Revising Content Navigability through AI

Making use of the most recent machine learning advances, open source libraries, and virtual tons of data, we are taking on the unprecedented task of automatically classifying any piece of content on the web, so that, once posted to the Inflo platform, it can be easily filtered, in or out, of one's "unfeed".


Developing a system for reliability assessment

The obvious next step is to analyze content at a deeper level, and to assess it's reliability by detecting bias, clickbait, and misinformation. Our efforts toward this goal are well underway, having recently initiated efforts to develop upon this research area after spending more than one year consolidating all relevant literature and significant results in the field, all of which will take the form of the first ever qualitative labeling of content trust in a social platform.



Combinining artificial intelligence with human insights
To create the most efficient content navigation experience on the web
An outdated information ecosystem

More than 60% of social media users use it to access news content1. But traditional newsfeeds are not optimized for providing the most efficient access to relevant information, using black-box algorithms to show us what it assumes we want to see, often leading to lost time scrolling through an endless feed of irrelevant posts. News aggregators, on the other hand, cater to the general public and are not calibrated for consumption within a like-minded community.
The Inflo Solution - A Social Aggregation System

Inflo's unfeed is a hybrid between a social media newsfeed and a news aggregator, allowing you to curate the content you see according to your interests, all within your network(s)—no assumptions involved. To do this, we are developing machine learning models to automatically classify web content—from their major categories (i.e. Politics, Business, Technology, etc) to their key terms: location, person(s) involved, and sub-sectors of the broader fields. By applying automatic classification in this way, we intend to completely revolutionize the way people access relevant content on the web, in a major revision to the outdated services of search and traditional aggregation or social platforms. 





Taking a hard stance on malicious content from the start
Building a platform with quality in mind
More content, less truth

The social media platforms of today are constantly flooded with content that is meant to mislead, in the form of clickbait or false news, or comes from a standpoint of extreme bias, making the information therein unreliable.
Taking reliability to heart

We're developing machine learning models to detect low-quality information on multiple dimensions, the results of which will be presented in an entirely transparent, objective way, because we believe a social platform should be responsible for the integrity of the content it serves.



Values
Trust

We are taking accountabilty for our role as a facilitator of the flow of information and an enabler of public dialogue. We know this is a big responsibility, as and such, we're committed to making sure our users' data will never be exploited for ad-targeting. That's why we've made the decision not to host any sponsored content on our platform, ever.
Transparency

In an age of black-box algorithms generating toxic bias-confirming content feeds, we are paving the way for a new, user-oriented way of accessing information, where only you are in control of what you see. Our goal is to facililate the sharing of and access to relevant information, not to maximize engagement for the sake of piling up ill-gained revenues.
Community

Our content sharing platform is designed to be a conducive environment for contructive dialogue. We are creating an ecosystem that nurtures the exchange of ideas and rewards those who bring something new to the conversation, capitalizing on the unique knowledge and perspective of each individual. Because we believe in the power of discussion, and not shallow "likes" or vague "reactions".





Revitalizing the media industrywith new consumer insights and a more sustainable business model for publishers
Intelligence to inspire quality content

A new, holistic way to gauge reader engagement. Inflo will be monetized by offering intelligence packages to publishers, allowing them to understand trends of sharing and interaction, and use it to guide their publication initiatives. By transforming in-depth sentiment and opinion analysis into actionable reception indicators, we make it possible to optimize the quality of content, rather than using naive metrics like clicks and likes to evaluate reach and impact. We want to empower publishers with the information needed to not only increase readership, but improve the overall standard of reporting.
Organically increase subscription rates

Increase revenue from subscriptions by joining our premium package plan. This innovative service drives subscriptions to individual news publications by offering a third-party, combo-package of premium content from across several publishers. Making it convenient, affordable, and easy to access previously paywalled content for the typical user. By normalizing paid subscriptions through such an attractive payment scheme, we foresee this kind of subscription package to revitalize the media industry after its struggle to adapt to the ad-based revenue model as required by the shift to the digital format.





About

The Inflo Project is a next generation content sharing platform revising the way we access and share information on the web, intended to nourish, not feed.
